chap 11:
Informative reports:
Activity reports
Progress Report
Regulatory report(regulated indeusitireies update work
Lab report

Criteria:
Technical criteria(feasbility or is it possible)
Managerial criteria(something is effective
Social criteria(something is desirable

probem of analysis

chap 6:
deductive patterns for para:
: In this general-to-specific plan, your first sentence should 
state the point that helps the reader understand the rest of the paragraph. This pattern 
avoids burying important points in the middle or end of the paragraph, where they 
might be missed. Fast readers tend to focus on paragraph beginnings and expect to find 
crucial information there. Note how most paragraphs in Model 6–2 follow this format. 
Lists that break up the text:
t: Listed points are a good strategy for highlighting 
details. Readers are especially attracted to groupings of three items, which create a 
certain rhythm, attract attention, and encourage recall. Use bullets, numbers, 
dashes, or other typographic techniques to signal the listed items. For example, 
the bulleted list in Model 6–1 draws attention to three important points about 
M-Global that the writer wants to emphasize. Because some e-mail systems can’t 
read special characters like bullets, use asterisks or dashes for lists in e-mail. 


Heading to divide information:
n: One-page letters and memos, and even e-mail, sometimes 
benefit from the emphasis achieved by headings. The three headings in Model 6–2 
quickly steer the reader to main parts of the document. 

Your final paragraph in external correspondence should always continue the business 
relationship by encouraging future contact. Internal correspondence may also include a 
statement offering to answer questions or concerns

>> Correspondence Guideline 5: Use the 3Cs Strategy 
 The ABC format provides a way to organize all letters and memos. Another pattern of 
organization for you to use is the 3Cs strategy —especially when your correspondence has 
a persuasive objective. This strategy has three main goals: 
■ Capture the reader’s attention with a good opener, which tells the reader what the 
letter, memo, or e-mail can do for him or her. 
■ Convince the reader with supporting points, all of which confirm the opening point 
that this document will help the reader meet his or her goals. 
■ Contact solidifies your relationship with the reader with an offer to follow up on the 
correspondence
>> Correspondence Guideline 6: Stress the “You” Attitude 
 Begin writing correspondence by looking at the subject from your reader’s perspective. 
Ask yourself, “What will interest my reader?” and “What does my reader want to accomplish?” For example, you should perform the following tasks: 
■ Anticipate questions your reader might raise and then answer these questions. You can 
even follow an actual question (“And how will our new testing lab help your firm?”) 
with an answer (“Now M-Global’s labs can process samples in 24 hours”). 
■ Replace the pronouns I, me, and we with you and your. Of course, you must use firstperson pronouns at certain points in a letter, but many pronouns should be second 
person. The technique is quite simple. You can change almost any sentence from 
writer-focused prose (“We feel that this new service will . . .”) to reader-focused 
prose (“You’ll find that this new service will . . .”).
>> Correspondence Guideline 7: Use Attachments for Details 
>> Correspondence Guideline 8: Be Diplomatic