 P24. Suppose you would like to urgently deliver 50 terabytes data from Boston to 
Los Angeles. You have available a 100 Mbps dedicated link for data transfer. 
Would you prefer to transmit the data via this link or instead use FedEx over
night delivery? Explain.

P27. Consider problem P24 but now with a link of R = 500 Mbps.
 a. Calculate the bandwidth-delay product, R # dprop.
 b. Consider sending a file of 800,000 bits from Host A to Host B. Suppose 
the file is sent continuously as one big message. What is the maximum 
number of bits that will be in the link at any given time?
 c. What is the width (in meters) of a bit in the link?

P29. Suppose there is a 10 Mbps microwave link between a geostationary  
satellite and its base station on Earth. Every minute the satellite takes a digi
tal photo and sends it to the base station. Assume a propagation speed  
of 2.4 # 108 meters/sec.
 a. What is the propagation delay of the link?
 b. What is the bandwidth-delay product, R # dprop?
 c. Let x denote the size of the photo. What is the minimum value of x for the 
microwave link to be continuously transmitting

 P31. In modern packet-switched networks, including the Internet, the source host seg
ments long, application-layer messages (for example, an image or a music file) 
into smaller packets and sends the packets into the network. The receiver then 
reassembles the packets back into the original message. We refer to this process as  
message segmentation. Figure 1.27 illustrates the end-to-end transport of a message 
with and without message segmentation. Consider a message that is 106 bits 
long that is to be sent from source to destination in Figure 1.27. Suppose each 
link in the figure is 5 Mbps. Ignore propagation, queuing, and processing delays.
 a. Consider sending the message from source to destination without message 
segmentation. How long does it take to move the message from the source 
host to the first packet switch? Keeping in mind that each switch uses 
store-and-forward packet switching, what is the total time to move the 
message from source host to destination host?
 b. Now suppose that the message is segmented into 100 packets, with each 
packet being 10,000 bits long. How long does it take to move the first 
packet from source host to the first switch? When the first packet is being 
sent from the first switch to the second switch, the second packet is being 
sent from the source host to the first switch. At what time will the second 
packet be fully received at the first switch?
 c. How long does it take to move the file from source host to destination 
host when message segmentation is used? Compare this result with your 
answer in part (a) and comment.
 Message
 a.
 Source
 Packet switch
 Packet switch
 Packet
 b.
 Source
 Packet switch
 Packet switch
 Destination
 Destination

 d. In addition to reducing delay, what are reasons to use message 
segmentation?
 e. Discuss the drawbacks of message segmentation

 P33. Consider sending a large file of F bits from Host A to Host B. There are three 
links (and two switches) between A and B, and the links are uncongested 
(that is, no queuing delays). Host A segments the file into segments of S bits 
each and adds 80 bits of header to each segment, forming packets of L = 80 + 
S bits. Each link has a transmission rate of R bps. Find the value of S that 
minimizes the delay of moving the file from Host A to Host B. Disregard 
propagation delay.